## Unit 3, Assignment 4 - CMU Graphics 2.1.6 and Interactive Image Task First Prototype
Due: Friday, October 30th 2025

### CMU Graphics 2.1.6:
Complete [CMU Graphics](https://academy.cs.cmu.edu/) exercise set 2.1.6 (Parameters, Arguments, and a Little Arithmetic)

**Successfully complete enough exercises to earn at least 3 points.**

### Interactive Image Task First Prototype:
1. Navigate to the CMU Graphics [sandbox](https://academy.cs.cmu.edu/ide).
2. Start a new file.
3. Write some initial code to begin creating the first prototype of your interactive image.  **At minimum**, include the following:
      * Define a function that draws an image composed of a few shapes.
      * Include at least one parameter.
      * Call your function at least two times with different parameters to generate at least two copies of your image. 
4. Save your code as `LastNameFirstInitial_Interactive_Image_Task_Code.py`.
5. Capture a screencast **(in .mp4 format)** of your code in action.

    At this stage, this should be a **very short (i.e. a couple of senconds long)** video of the console canvas displaying the images generated by your function.

6. Save your video as `LastNameFirstInitial_Interactive_Image_Task_Video.mp4`
7. Upload your screencast to your Interactive Image Task folder
8. Commit your progress.
    * Remember to write a short and simple commit message to describe your progress.
    * Remember to write a more detailed commit description to describe your progress and next steps.
9. Create a new file in your Interactive Image Task folder titled `LastNameFirstInitial_Interactive_Image_Task_Code.py`
10. Copy/Paste your code from CMU Graphics to `LastNameFirstInitial_Interactive_Image_Task_Code.py`
11. Commit your progress.
    * Copy/Paste the commit message from your video.
    * Copy/Paste the commit description from your video.
  
*Feel free to continue working on your interactive image task!*

**Whenever you make significant progress (or if you haven't commited in a while) remember to save your code, commit your emoji, and commit your code!**

**As you work, remember to refer to the Interactive Image Task [description](https://github.com/MrJSwotinsky/AP_Computer_Science_Principles_2025_2026/blob/main/Unit_3_Functions_Mouse_Events_and_Conditionals/Tasks/Interactive_Image_Task/Description_Interactive_Image_Task.md), [example](https://github.com/MrJSwotinsky/AP_Computer_Science_Principles_2025_2026/tree/main/Unit_3_Functions_Mouse_Events_and_Conditionals/Tasks/Interactive_Image_Task/Sample), and [pathway to success](https://github.com/MrJSwotinsky/AP_Computer_Science_Principles_2025_2026/blob/main/Unit_3_Functions_Mouse_Events_and_Conditionals/Tasks/Interactive_Image_Task/Interactive%20Image%20Task%20-%20Pathway%20to%20Success.pdf) to guide you in progressing toward mastery.**
